well folks it's been a while since we
shot some video last time I think was
back at the 50s had just preceded this
and did not have the wire wheels on it
then so figure we take a couple of pose
and just show you how the old girls come
alone most obvious change here the wire
wheels seven inches wide 15 inches in
diameter to 3560 bfg tas on the front
and got to 55 60 s on the back nice a
little of close-up of the grill where
it's shining remember we had that redone
in the wintertime got that put back on
and also if you notice again where the
valence panel between the bumper and the
grill was the body color which was
incorrect that's now the correct silver
gray color had that done at the same
time I had the dent take it out of the
front corner up here everybody remembers
there was a dent right there got the
headlight bezel and also got the corner
of the grill well I went ahead when we
took it in I got that fixed from the
body perspective at the same time that's
when I had this lower panel painted the
correct color
well it got new carpet on the inside did
that job as everybody's aware of also if
you look you'll notice it has an
original radio in it although it's not
exactly what we would call original from
the guts perspective it's got an FM
section in it but the dial and
everything remains to suck it walks back
in the old am days man with those wire
wheels on there the stance sure does
look a lot different than what it did
and just in case everybody is wondering
those are real wires and you do have to
actually knock them off using the
knockoff so I've got to let hammer in
the trunk that I do that with looks like
signaling all we got going on here
doolittle on-road driving here see how
things are like
shouldn't be too that
even got the turn lane how about that
miracles never cease
now you want to hear low acceleration
exploder best cool it on that
no there what's good little
see what maybe happens
Pamela
found the slaughterhouse folks
okay lights turning red for everybody so
who's it on go for certainly not me
evidently so well there we go okay we're
ready
ok
bit of a running start here but let's
see what happens
take very long
ohs it on their own college view here
you can see the brakes work pretty good
okay shall we gon try one more time here
just for giggles
today